a lot of Africans - a lot of Africans in
Atlanta - man like real like front of
motherland they make us look bad - like
a lot of them go to the gym I go - you
don't saying I go to LA Fitness a lot a
lot of Ethiopians and Kenyans be at the
gym right making it look bad I was on
the treadmill all the day have my
treadmill set for 25 minutes that's a
long time to be on the treadmill yeah 25
minutes here oh yeah my burn so calories
yeah we can leave I'm occured to speed
up Ethiopia dude makes me head of shit
set on two days
yeah
what a fine women there to work which is
ironic because of the huge gay
population you got
what's your finance women about women in
fine hard to be a married man in Atlanta
I'd say that it's our to be a married
man period but damn you go to airport
arrange it was extra high is easy to get
married in like the middle of the United
States Nebraska Kansas you'd be a
Nebraska like I was I got married it
it's Orlando fuck dude fellas you ever
seen a woman so far make you want to
take a home to meet your wife everybody
come in turn around turn around
look at that right oh shit together